{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green139\blue34;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21640\viewh20720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Changes we've made:
\b0 \
- complete revamp of the 5 core functions.\
- complete revamp of variable names: verbose, make sense, organized, human-readable\
- support functions are either PLDAPS general (+pds) or task-specific.\
- no more GetSecs. Everything is in Datapixx time.\
- no more c. all p. yes, really.\
- p has substructs:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf2 % p.init;           % all things that are saved once except for trialVarsInit\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 % p.rig;            % all rig (monitor, PTB stuff, distances) related stuff\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.audio;          % all things audio related\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.draw;           % all widths/hieghts/etc of stuff that's drawn. (all except for stimulus, which is saved uniquely in stim struct)\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.state           % all the states that we use and their id integer\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.trVarsInit;     % all vars used in pldaps. here intiailized.\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.trVars;         % all vars used in run function inherit value from trVarsInit.\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.trVarsGuiComm;  % inheritance and user update of trVars happens through this struct, the trial variables gui coomunication\cf0 \
\cf2 % p.trData;         % all data collected in a trial (behavior, timing, analog..)\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 - no more m. all taskFiles and taskActions are now part of p.init.\
- states have names (e.g. p.state.dontMove) and stored in p.state\
- changed clut terminology form human/monkey to exp/sub, and now in p.draw.clutIdx\
- cluts have names (e.g. p.clut.expCyan_subBg)\
- new strobe function (ensures strobing after flip)\
- rigConfigFile (this might change into subConfigFile e.g. ridleyRigA_20180606 so that it matches both monk n rig).\

\b - 
\b0 the 12 vars that show up on GUI are set manually, and are no longer "the first 12 that are defined".\
- saving: creates folder, saves every trial (fast!) via saveP.m. folder can be loaded (and concatenated) with loadP.m \

\b \
ORGANIZATION OF FOLDERS
\b0 \
PLDPS_vK2\
- attnMot_training1\
- - - setting, init, next, run, finish\
- - - taskActions\
- - - data\
- - - figures\
- attnMot_training2\
\
- attnMot_porter\
\
+pds\
- - - functions/actions...\
\
- difference between fa & foilFa\
\
============================\

\b 2do:\
\
\
JAMES\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 % % % p.trData.spikeAndStrobeTimes(p.trData.spikeAndStrobeTimes(:,1)==4, 3)
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 % % % 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs20 \cf2 % % % keyboard
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Can you make the "initialize" remove the green run button?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 \
make sure that joystick indicator doesn't show!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 VERIFY 
\f1\b0 that strobing 2 values one after the other does not corrupt any of them. \
TEST elapsed time between multiple "zero-lag" strobes (if under 1ms that's ok, otherwise we should account for elapsed time)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
consider what to do with status vars. consider moving the 'isTrialCue\'85' to status?
\b0 \
\
Need to code up a method for counting frames + detecting dropped frames (and present the dropped frame count on expCLUT)\
\
redo genDots. (
\f2\b would genDtos be faster of you prealloc dotY/X/C/W ? --> probably)
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 - all init files need to have "pds.defineGridLines" instead of defining grid lines in "defineVisuals" which is in "next".
\fs20 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs36 \cf0 \
- 
\f1\b0 move things in "degrees" from p.draw to p.trVarsInit in _settings.m
\f2\b \
\
- 
\f1\b0 modify "eyeInWindow" across tasks\

\f2\b \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 =======================\
Considerations for future releases:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
- should we make dots isoluminant? \
\
\
=====\
20180701 - lnk building visually/memory guided saccade task 'gSac'\
- rigConfigFile shouldn't be in the task folder but in the pldaps root folder. \
- do we always want the GUI to take us to the folder from whence the settings file came?\
\
2do:\
- move all tasks into 'tasks' folder\
- dataToWorkspace should be +pds \
- in general, go over all mcd functions and see if they can be +pds\
- 
\f1 joyThreshPress/release should be defined as proportions of the joystick range (which, in turn, should be defined in the rigConfigFile).\
- STROBES STROBES STROBES\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs20 \cf0 \
\
\
- change all Width and Height to W and H.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 - how do we want to deal with codes? Same codes across all tasks? makes sense, but I still advocate for having a 'codes' file per task, and not one sweeping code that gets used for all. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f2\b \cf0 \
- add general output folder within pldaps root?\
\
- make grid should be a function in +pds\
\
some of our trVars (e.g. 'isCue\'85' ) should be in status, no?\
\
- 7/2/2018: modified "initAudio.m" to include "alphaBinauralBeats" garbage\
\
why do we have both trBegin and trStart in trData.timing ?\
\
\
===============\
Leor Jan 2019\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 rigConfigFiles in own package\
\
removing .trialType as it is redundant with trialCode (which already reprints the type)
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
deal with audio\
\
\
\
}